well howdy there Internet people it's
boullion so today we're going to talk
about sports ball we're going talk about
the Super Bowl halftime show and the
stuff that goes on and it is important
because this is one of the most highly
watched television events so the little
things that occur are worth discussing
and there was a lot of little things
that happened that provoked for
discussion so the first of course would
be Shakira you know doing that and I
think it's cool that it became a
teachable moment I wish it hadn't have
been framed the way it was because even
though it was used to kind of bridge
that gap and explain that cultural
phenomenon it was still kind of shown as
this weird thing that this other group
does and we as good red-blooded
civilized Americans we don't have
anything like that do we who uh somebody
just set it back to the screen because
like Pavlov's dog that same primal
guttural utterance can be used to
request acknowledgement to say yes I
understand yes I understand but I'm not
happy about it
yes I understand and I'm really excited
about it can be she used to display a
lot of different things all by the tone
it's not weird every every group has
something like that and I wish that when
stuff like this happened we didn't use
it to show how different we were but we
used it to show how similar we are I
mean if we were watching a different
game you certainly could have heard or
eagle and for those outside of Alabama
that's two words or eagle same thing
this primal scream to show excitement
and to say that we don't have something
a direct correlation to that most times
I've seen what she did used in real life
it was kind of like a welcome an excited
welcome of shorts and if you don't think
we have anything that is a direct
comparison I would suggest you think
back to the last time you saw two women
in their early 20s run into each other
unexpectedly oh my god and then that
high-pitched squeal it's common we all
do it we are the same in almost every
way tones and the way it's done is
different but we all have stuff like
that I would like to say that you know
there's this idea that there are people
that are mad that she did it and they
normally look and sound like me I've
heard nobody say anything like that not
even remotely close the main topic of
discussion is the fact that apparently a
whole lot of people did not know the
woman who used belly dancing throughout
pretty much her entire career was half
Lebanese that's the topic of discussion
I don't know anybody that's mad about
that there's also a conversation about
the song born in the USA being used the
way it was because that wasn't patriotic
first I would point out that if you
believe born in the USA is a patriotic
song you have never listened to it that
entire song is about how the system the
establishment the powers-that-be just
grew over veterans in the working class
that is not a I'm super proud of this
country song that's that's not what it
is I would suggest that displaying the
Puerto Rican flag at that point is
extremely appropriate because there are
a lot of Puerto Rican veterans who get
left out there are a lot of
working-class Americans Puerto Rico is
part of the United States I know those
who normally watch this channel already
know that but it is and they get left
out
all the time it's an incredibly
appropriate thing and then we have the
big one
the kids in cages I think it was bold I
think was cool the problem is that's
what I saw something cool something bold
but I got a real Hunger Games vibe from
it because this is the most-watched
television event pretty much maybe the
most watched and there wasn't an
immediate reaction to fix it we've just
kind of accepted that that's what it is
now and I think that's something we
should be very concerned about and very
leery of anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night